# Introduction #

**Setup SSH daemon**

Both hadoop scripts and eclipse plugin need password less ssh to operate. This section describes how to set it up in the Cygwin environment.


# Details #

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Open Cygwin command prompt
  * Execute the following command
```
ssh-host-config
```

  * When asked if privilege separation should be used, answer **no.
  *** When asked if sshd should be installed as a service, answer  **yes.
  *** When asked about the value of CYGWIN environment variable enter **ntsec
  *** When asked about to use a different name **no
  *** When asked about to create a user 'cyg\_server' **yes**

## Start SSH daemon ##
  * Find my computer icon either on your desktop or in the start-up menu, right-click on it and select Manage from the context menu.
  * Open Services and Applications in the left-hand panel then select the Services item.
  * Find the CYGWIN sshd item in the main section and right-click on it.
  * Select Start from the context menu.
  * A small window should pop-up indicating the progress of the service start-up. After that window disappears the status of CYGWIN sshd service should change to Started.

## Setup authorization keys ##
  * Open cygwin command prompt
  * Execute the following command to generate keys
```
 ssh-keygen
```
  * After command has finished generating they key, enter the following command to change into your .ssh directory
```
 cd ~/.ssh
```
  * Check if the keys where indeed generated by executing the following command
```
 ls -l
```

You should see two file id\_rsa.pub and id\_rsa with the recent creation dates. These files contain authorization keys.
  * To register the new authorization keys enter the following command. Note that double brackets, they are very important.
```
cat id_rsa.pub >> authorized_keys
```

  * Now check if the keys where set-up correctly by executing the following command
```
 ssh localhost
```

Since it is a new ssh installation you warned that authenticity of the host could not be established and will be prompted whether you really want to connect, answer yes and press ENTER. You should see the cygwin prompt again, which means that you have successfully connected.
  * Now execute the command again
```
 ssh localhost
```
This time you should not be prompted for anything.